# Abstract
## Draft
The bachelor thesis deals with the creation of a new financial product focused on investing. The aim of the work is to create a functional design of an investment mobile application. It will make the user friendly with this topic, help him to make a profit and create a tailor-made investment plan. I approach the bachelor's thesis as a real product, which I would like to create myself one day. In such a case, it is always important for me to find several respondents who are sitting for coffee. I will get information from the interviews on how he views the given topic. According to the accumulated information skills, well-understood problems of users and it is easier for me to design a product. The result of my work will be a prototype of a new application. Prototype will be prepar for the front-end developer team, which will be further processed according to a possible product. Complete preparation is the team of the whole design work on the project from the definition of the problem to the clothing industry.

## Revision
The bachelor thesis explores the end-to-end development process of a new financial investment product. The work aims to create a functional mobile application design with a friendly user experience for creating a tailor-made investment plan. It will make the user familiar with this topic, help him make a profit, and create a tailor-made investment plan. <br />
I approach the bachelor's thesis as an authentic product, which I would like to create myself one day. It is always essential for me to find several respondents with whom I will have an interview. I will get information from the discussions on how they view the given topic. According to the accumulated information skills, well-understood problems of users, and it is easier for me to design a product. Try to merge these two sentences into one thought about the development of a prototype. The prototype will be handed over by the front-end development team, further developing into a viable product. Complete preparation is the team of the whole design work on the project from the definition of the problem to the clothing industry.
